For a 15 year old female 150 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Judo   

For a 15 year old female 150 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Volleyball   

For a 15 year old female 150 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Softball   

For a 15 year old female 175 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Volleyball   

For a 15 year old female 175 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Hockey   

For a 15 year old female 175 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Softball   

For a 15 year old female 200 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Volleyball   

For a 15 year old female 200 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Volleyball   

For a 15 year old female 200 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Volleyball   

For a 30 year old female 150 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Judo   

For a 30 year old female 150 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Softball   

For a 30 year old female 150 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Water Polo   

For a 30 year old female 175 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Fencing   

For a 30 year old female 175 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Judo   

For a 30 year old female 175 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Judo   

For a 30 year old female 200 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Rhythmic Gymnastics   

For a 30 year old female 200 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Rhythmic Gymnastics   

For a 30 year old female 200 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Athletics   

For a 50 year old female 150 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Softball   

For a 50 year old female 150 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Softball   

For a 50 year old female 150 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Basketball   

For a 50 year old female 175 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Taekwondo   

For a 50 year old female 175 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Judo   

For a 50 year old female 175 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Basketball   

For a 50 year old female 200 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Taekwondo   

For a 50 year old female 200 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Softball   

For a 50 year old female 200 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Weightlifting   

For a 15 year old male 150 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Triathlon   

For a 15 year old male 150 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Equestrianism   

For a 15 year old male 150 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Softball   

For a 15 year old male 175 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Volleyball   

For a 15 year old male 175 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Hockey   

For a 15 year old male 175 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Softball   

For a 15 year old male 200 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Volleyball   

For a 15 year old male 200 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Volleyball   

For a 15 year old male 200 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Volleyball   

For a 30 year old male 150 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Handball   

For a 30 year old male 150 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Shooting   

For a 30 year old male 150 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Triathlon   

For a 30 year old male 175 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Judo   

For a 30 year old male 175 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Athletics   

For a 30 year old male 175 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Triathlon   

For a 30 year old male 200 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Judo   

For a 30 year old male 200 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Rhythmic Gymnastics   

For a 30 year old male 200 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Athletics   

For a 50 year old male 150 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Softball   

For a 50 year old male 150 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Softball   

For a 50 year old male 150 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Basketball   

For a 50 year old male 175 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Taekwondo   

For a 50 year old male 175 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Hockey   

For a 50 year old male 175 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Softball   

For a 50 year old male 200 cm and 65 kg,
predicted sport is: Taekwondo   

For a 50 year old male 200 cm and 80 kg,
predicted sport is: Softball   

For a 50 year old male 200 cm and 105 kg,
predicted sport is: Weightlifting   

